You guys will come back.
OK.
So let's check in on a second page.
Shout out.
So before we talked about the first one I did with Khurrana attack so try out a second one and this
one did not go as well.
OK so I worked with tech interventions in vengeance.
And they have 121 thousand followers I use shout card again for this one.
And as you can see they posted our thing right there and then also bought their bio which I don't really
know how long that was still last but whatever.
So what I did is I went to court and I paid $60 for a permanent post plus bio link.
Now I wasn't sure if the bio link was permanent like whether or not I was going to get that permanent
plane but it seems to be the case since they haven't taken it down.
I don't know maybe eventually they'll get rid of it.
It seems a little ridiculous seeing pay $60 and not change their biologic for ever.
But anyway we'll see.
So as you can see they posted 35000 views.
That's great whatever the number of interactions was about something like 2000.
So over here.
OK so I did a hype auditor on them.
You can see that a 68 to decent quality of followers.
Their engagement rate is fine.
I think that's probably pretty average.
So what we expected from them would have been the hundred twenty one thousand we would've expected probably
about 7500 pieces of engagement known as incredibly low dollar per.
That's also because I'm buying permanent posts and it's really hard to figure out how much you're going
to get from say like a permanent bio change.
So it's hard to say.
Again I'm just kind of experimenting to see what works then eventually you kind of hammer out a cost
efficient strategy later on.
We're also just trying to get to a point where we have enough followers to switch to the next type of
shouting which was shout for shouts which are free and a much better way to grow.
But we have to get to a point where councils even talk to us.
So now if we run the numbers down here this is roughly what I got to go to Iconium square I did it on
the first and use a jump here about 130.
So what I've been working off of is that on any given day they post 5 times I usually expect something
like 50 followers from just from hash tagging.
That'll go up as the account gets larger and larger because we'll start ranking and the hashtags.
But that's been the baseline I've been using.
So when I come back to here actually need to adjust this.
So really I should say 80 so that's not particularly good for going follower's engagement.
Yeah I mean it was a little bit bigger than what we would have expected in getting something like 2000
likes and like a comment.
And yeah I mean that means that it's a good account to probably work with as in the audience likes your
stuff but it didn't end up being a big change to your following.
So that's something that's worth keeping in mind you can engage certain groups but if they don't follow
you then it's sometimes not really worth it.
Obviously it kind of depends what you're going for.
One other benefit of doing that was that I kind of got on this person's radar which is nice.
You'll notice they started reposting more of our stuff so I posted this one again.
Kind of annoying that they don't give you attribution.
Drives me crazy.
But we all end up probably doing is making this larger.
You can't ignore the innovations station text and then message them like you need to change that.
OK let's see now.
One other one worth looking at because I'm in the future is.
I tried using brilliant inventions and if I remember that one that was the one that was just huge.
That emigrates score and didn't have great engagement rates so I wanted to try.
Just a big bulbous one that's just gigantic.
And to see how that one goes.
Now the problem with them.
I ran into was I went through by self shout outs and they don't actually allow you to upload videos.
OK and I messaged this account and said I'd like to do videos we do videos.
They never responded to what I had to end up doing actually and ended up working out fine was I took
three different posts.
We had video posts made screenshots of them and then overlaid the PNB file of that little video camera.
You see that makes it look like a camera.
So it end up looking like this.
OK so that was the thumbnail.
Now you see this up at the top and it makes it look like a video.
Then what.
All I did was put in the caption something really simple so I can get a brilliant inventions.
And you can see it right here.
So look it looks like a video right.
Like it looks pretty much like all the other ones like that.
OK.
It's a little bit different but no one can really notice.
So you click this and that was all I put I just said who wants you who doesn't want three arms.
Good innovation to watch the video.
Crazy.
So you think it's a video and it just doesn't do anything.
And so what end up happening actually was this drove a lot of followers.
It's hard to say what exactly or how many exactly came from this but my guess is it's upwards of 500
600 came just from that.
So that's definitely something to keep in mind this account terrible engagement.
But it's larger.
And I used a technique almost by accident that drove more followers and less engagement.
Like no one's really I mean a lot of people did end up commenting but why would do you want to see the
video because this piqued your interest so you end up going to the account and what the probably the
biggest benefit I noticed besides the 500 600 followers was that the people would go to my account and
then they would like multiple things.
They had a lot of people go and then like 10 15 things so people going all the way down the page and
liking some of the really early stuff that we did I guess is only like a week ago or whatever but so
that was pretty interesting.
Keep that in mind on a dollar to dollar basis.
I will have to run the numbers.
I think this costs something like $90 and then message me and said that they're actually going to leave
this and probably make it a permanent post so that's the case then and yeah it was probably worth it.
But that's an example of using a big account.
OK.
They're not always a problem.
They have low engagement but they're big.
And also ones that are really tailored that seem to have really high engagement.
That's also not a guaranteed win.
So keep that in mind.
OK guys.
See you later.